well I had either internet people it's
Bo again so I shared something on my
social media some of my social media and
I got a bunch of questions about it and
I have to answer them
about a year and a half two years ago
myself and a bunch of other independent
journalists were approached by a
production company out of LA to create a
reality TV show about independent
journalists the idea was to take a group
of us who have varying viewpoints and
different tactics as far as how we do
our job
stick us together and then follow us
around with camera crews like the TV
show cops so they flew us out to LA and
we covered some events in LA and in
Vegas the crew is one of the reasons I
did it
it included Carrie Wed ler who you've
seen on this channel she does the
compilation videos on this channel Ford
who you have seen on this channel and
you have seen his footage I promise you
if you live in Houston you probably know
the name Derek Bros from the recent
mayoral race fun fact he's an
independent journalist he watched a clip
that only below you'll get to see him
with long flowing hair like Fabio Nick
Burnaby Robert Caputo it was a really
cool crew and had a whole lot of fun
doing it
the the most common question that comes
up when people see it now is is this
still a possibility is this something
that could happen yeah it is I actually
talked to the production company
yesterday or day before yesterday it is
something that could happen the reason
that it is a hard sell for them is the
reason it's so important that if not
this project once similar to it happens
most major media companies have a news
component of their own
profiling independent journalists who
have a really nasty habit of destroying
corporate news narratives that's a hard
sell that's hard to convince any normal
TV station to well here put this show on
that's gonna just completely disrupt
your news your news component but as
polarized as the debate is in the United
States a group of people out there
shattering narratives and breaking
narratives is more important than ever
the project is still something that I
really support and I really hope that if
not this one one similar to it takes off
it's something this country desperately
needs most people watching this you guys
probably follow the independent
journalists on YouTube or Twitter or
Facebook wherever there's a whole bunch
of people who don't so they never get
those narratives shattered they never
get to see them broke and that leads to
a lack of nuance in all of the debates
and discussions in this country now to
some of the less important questions
yeah Beau's a nickname yes I did quote
church up to be on TV I trim my beard
and yeah I have a I have a non regional
accent that I can switch into pretty
much any point in time so I don't sound
like an extra from justified it's it's
very useful when you're doing interviews
with people who might think that people
from the South are stupid so you don't
want to let on the accent people have
asked how you do it um people who people
from the South are like wow I wish I
could do the Hat it's it's just like a
foreign language you can learn it you
just have to practice it that's all
there is to it and if you have a job
that requires you to interact with
people from other parts of the country
it's turned out really useful for me so
I would recommend doing it
it's sad that you would need to do that
but at the same time it's the world we
live in and people have asked that if
this show takes off would I still use it
than on a regional accent like I did in
the sizzle probably not mainly because
of this channel I've become a lot more
comfortable with just me rather than
trying to hide it
so I guess thank you for that if you do
watch the clip I highly recommend you
stick around to the part where Derek
gets shot I've seen that clip a hundred
times I laugh every time because that is
independent journalism in a nutshell
right there
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night